necessarily about the money as much is
more but being with travel more all
right ready
hello everyone it's been a while first
off I want to start off by saying sorry
on behalf of all of us for not having
updated you guys on anything we've done
over the past two months
but now we've just received word that we
can finally say what we're up to why
we're currently Vancouver and why we
left Montreal and are moving to LA
generation why not is continuing it's
just moving to a different platform and
that platform is snapshot about three
months ago we got contacted by people
working with snapchat who asked us if we
could bring Generation Y not to snapchat
but this time instead of being
horizontal like this so those who have
seen our content from the beginning
where we did project 30 last summer we
actually did it again it's very exciting
we film some incredible stuff in four
amazing countries in Mexico Cuba
Nicaragua and Costa Rica it's kind of a
shame that we can't show it to you guys
yet but I promise of you it'll be worth
the wait
Generation Y not will officially be back
in May but in the meantime if you'd like
to follow us and if you want to see what
we're up to where we are and what we're
doing you can follow us on Generation Y
not just straight up on snapchat and so
that's pretty much about it for now
so please follow us on Santa didn't get
all the surveys where people said that
you're just not Kenny you're not funny